as Derek Jeter
said there may be people who have more
Talent than you but there's no excuse
for anyone to work harder than you do at
the end of the day whether you believe
in Talent OR not is completely
irrelevant everyone should believe in
hard work everything in your life is
literally a result of that you're born
an infant a lump of Flesh that can't
even hold its own head up and yet
somehow by practicing by learning by
growing you're able to get better you're
literally incapable of anything when
you're born every skill that you have in
your life all the things that you take
for granted at one point you couldn't do
them so understanding that humans truly
are an adaptation machine and that they
are capable of acquiring any skill that
they want but it requires hard work it
requires that you do the Reps it
requires that you put in the effort and
at the end of the day the people that
you're going to are not going to be the
people that have less Talent than you
maybe they even have more Talent than
you it's going to be the people that
you're willing to
outwork but until you're willing to
outwork them you're always going to be
stuck and as John Irving said to do
anything really well you have to
overextend yourself and that's the key
if you want to put in an extraordinary
performance if you want to
absolutely Dazzle
people then you have to do something
amazing you have to be willing to put
yourself out there you have to be
willing to do things that other people
think are going to break you that other
people simply believe there's no way
that you could be able to pull that off
that the human animal just is not
capable of the lengths to which you are
professing to go and when you profess it
you have to be willing to back it up and
you have to put yourself on that March
knowing in no uncertain terms under no
circumstances and for no reason
whatsoever would you ever be willing to
back
down and when you go in with that level
of certainty
then and only then are you actually
going to be able to pull this off and as
Billy Jean King
said Champions keep
playing until they get it
right fatigue will literally chip away
at your will to win it is the thing
inside of your mind that weak voice that
tells you that you're not going to be
able to make it the weak
voice that begs you to stop and the weak
voice that promises safe
and security if you would just
quit and here's the worst part about
that it's right if you quit right now if
you stop just sit down relax you're not
at risk anymore you're not at risk of
embarrassment you're not at risk of
failure but you're also not at risk of
greatness and if you really want to
achieve something you've got to find
ways to put yourself at risk of
something great happening you've got to
put yourself at risk of overextending
yourself you've got to be willing to
face that you may die that you may
actually fall and here's the thing for
the people that dismiss that that say
they would never put themselves in that
situation then you have
limits and make no mistake those limits
are
self-placement not going to stop and
they understand that where the human
mind thinks it will break is far short
of where it will actually
break but before you can find that point
you've got to be willing to push
yourself you've got to be willing to go
harder and farther than anybody thinks
is reasonable or
sensible that's the path and so the
question is can you be thought a fool
the question is do you believe in
something so much that you would put
yourself at risk like that the question
is can you face down every one including
the weak voice inside of your own mind
to make the world come true that you
want to see come true because at the end
of the day nobody's going to do it for
you so if you're a
champion keep going until it's
[Music]
done